# Lucidchart
This is going to be a really short summary because the website was super easy to use and it literally took maybe three minutes to make the entire thing. Overall I would not be able to fathom how anyone would have trouble using Lucidchart.

# Introduction to Networking

### Data Transmission
The term "Packet" goes with the definition "Unit of data". The term " Packet-Switching" goes with the definition "Technology that allows packets of data to be routed based on destination address". The "term IP Adress" goes with the definition "Unique identifying number". The term "DNS" goes with the definition "Set of rules to allow devices to communicate". The term Protocol goes with the definition "Directory of IP address common names". Each one of the terms goes with the definition due to the nature of what they are and nothing else. Sorry but not sure how you want me to tell you they go with eachother without just giving you the definition again? 

### Netwroking Hardware
The benefit of a switch over a hub is very simple. A networked device can be identified using a MAC address which allows the switch to keep the traffic constant, It has an increased capacity over a hub, comes with less burden, more secure than a hub, a much higher bandwith, and etc. There are a lot more than this but I think this justifies the point. The benefit of the router is that its basically the third version of the previous two but it can do everything better and over the oonline network instead of just locally like the others. Single point of failure is when the central hub or switch fails then all the computers on it will also fail, and the topologies that experience that are Bus, Ring, and Star. I think that wireless mesh is the best one because there are less wires to rely on and worry about where as using a topology may be considered outdated and risky.

### Network design 
My design is nothing special, just did as the instructions stated and hopefully its right. 

### NSA/CSS
The agency's mission is to protect the formulation of ciphers, code and all cryptology for the US military and other government agencies, They also do interception, analysis and solution of coded transmission. 

# Cybersecurity and Encryption
Confidentiality is impactful to the job because you do not want the wrong people learning they can abuse a certain system or gain access to a program they should not be allowed to have. Integrity is important because you do not want to give out the wrong or altered information because it could cause many problems with your public image as a company. Lastly availabilty is impactful because if Amazon were to go down it would stop a lot of business and halt millions of dollars worth of business so this is important because they need to be available at all times as one of the top retailers in the world. Three daily tasks that require authentication are something they know, something they have, or something they are. This all ties into multi-factor authentication because it would be near impossible to misrepresent or steal an idenity if you were to just guess these. ACL is the access control list and it makes sure you only have access to the correct areas that you are permitted to use. RBAC is role based access control and it makes it so that roles are assigned to users and then those roles are assigned to certain access points. The disadvantages of ACL are "the primary drawback is that each information resource is managed separately, so if a security administrator wanted to add or remove a user to a large set of information resources, it would be quite difficult. And as the number of users and resources increase, ACLs become harder to maintain". The disadvantage of RBAC is that if a user has multiple roles this could cause a problem within the system because it is going to try and figure out where you should be placed and could cause errors. 
